# Failed for https - Add aws-chunked streaming for anonymous requests
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_empty
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_anon_put
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_anon_put_write_access

# Skipped - no RequestTimeout with Nginx
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contentlength_mismatch_above

# Failed - RCS return NoSuchUpload for the repeated CompleteMultipartUpload requests
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_small
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload

# Failed - unicode metadata convert issue
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_set_get_unicode_metadata

# NotImplemented - Bucket ACL email not supported
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_email
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_acl_grant_email_not_exist

# NotImplemented - PutObject Conditions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifmatch_good
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifmatch_failed
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifmatch_overwrite_existed_good
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifmatch_nonexisted_failed
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifnonmatch_good
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifnonmatch_failed
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifnonmatch_nonexisted_good
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_object_ifnonmatch_overwrite_existed_failed

# NotImplemented - Object ACL
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_acl_create_contentlength_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_acl_create_contentlength_none
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_header_acl_grants
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_object_private
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_objectv2_private
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_object_publicread
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_objectv2_publicread
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_object_publicreadwrite
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_private_objectv2_publicreadwrite
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicread_object_private
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicread_object_publicread
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicread_object_publicreadwrite
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicreadwrite_object_private
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicreadwrite_object_publicread
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_access_bucket_publicreadwrite_object_publicreadwrite
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_return_data
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_put_acl_mtime
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_default
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_during_create
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_publicreadwrite
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_authenticatedread
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_bucketownerread
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_canned_bucketownerfullcontrol
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_full_control_verify_attributes
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_full_control_verify_owner
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_write
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_writeacp
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_read
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_acl_readacp
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_bucket_acl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_object_gone

# NotImplemented - DeleteObjects
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multi_object_delete
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multi_objectv2_delete
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multi_object_delete_key_limit
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multi_objectv2_delete_key_limit

# NotImplemented - CopyObject
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_zero_size
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_16m
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_same_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_verify_contenttype
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_to_itself
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_to_itself_with_metadata
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_diff_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_not_owned_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_canned_acl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_retaining_metadata
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_replacing_metadata
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_versioned_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_versioned_url_encoding
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_versioning_multipart_upload
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_copy_not_owned_object_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_copy_object_ifmatch_good
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_copy_object_ifmatch_failed
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_copy_object_ifnonematch_good
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_copy_object_ifnonematch_failed

# NotImplemented - UploadPartCopy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_small
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_invalid_range
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_improper_range
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_without_range
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_special_names
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_multiple_sizes
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_copy_versioned

# NotImplemented - CORS
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_set_cors
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_origin_response
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_origin_wildcard
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_header_option
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_presigned_get_object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_presigned_put_object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_presigned_put_object_with_acl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_x_amz_expires_not_expired

# NotImplemented - BucketVersioning
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_read_not_exist_null
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_bucket_atomic_upload_return_version_id
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_bucket_multipart_upload_return_version_id
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_suspended_copy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_concurrent_multi_object_delete
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_return_data_versioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_bucket_create_suspend
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_read_remove
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_read_remove_head
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_plain_null_version_removal
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_plain_null_version_overwrite
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_plain_null_version_overwrite_suspended
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_suspend_versions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_versions_remove_all
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_versions_remove_special_names
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_create_overwrite_multipart
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_obj_list_marker
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_copy_obj_version
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_multi_object_delete
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_multi_object_delete_with_marker
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioning_multi_object_delete_with_marker_create
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioned_object_acl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioned_object_acl_no_version_specified
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioned_concurrent_object_create_concurrent_remove
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_versioned_concurrent_object_create_and_remove

# NotImplemented - Multiple storage classes
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_storage_class
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_storage_class_multipart
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_modify_storage_class
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_modify_storage_class_multipart
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_storage_class_copy
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_storage_class_copy_multipart

# NotImplemented - BucketPolicy
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_set_condition_operator_end_with_IfExists
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_request_obj_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_tags_acl_public
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_tags_acl_public
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_delete_tags_obj_public
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucketv2_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_acl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucketv2_policy_acl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_another_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucketv2_policy_another_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_set_condition_operator_end_with_IfExists
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_get_obj_existing_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_get_obj_tagging_existing_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_tagging_existing_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_copy_source
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_copy_source_meta
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_acl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_grant
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_s3_noenc
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_s3_kms
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_kms_noenc
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_kms_s3
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_put_obj_request_obj_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_get_obj_acl_existing_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_multipart_upload_on_a_bucket_with_policy

# NotImplemented - Object lock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_with_days_and_years
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_days
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_years
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_mode
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_lock_invalid_status
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_suspend_versioning
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_lock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_lock_invalid_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_invalid_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_invalid_mode
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_retention
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_retention_iso8601
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_retention_invalid_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_versionid
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_override_default_retention
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_increase_period
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_shorten_period
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_obj_retention_shorten_period_bypass
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_object_with_retention
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_object_with_retention_and_marker
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_multi_delete_object_with_retention
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_legal_hold
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_legal_hold_invalid_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_put_legal_hold_invalid_status
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_legal_hold
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_legal_hold_invalid_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_object_with_legal_hold_on
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_object_with_legal_hold_off
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_get_obj_metadata
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_uploading_obj
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_changing_mode_from_governance_with_bypass
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_changing_mode_from_governance_without_bypass
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_changing_mode_from_compliance
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_multipart_object_with_legal_hold_on
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_lock_delete_multipart_object_with_retention

# NotImplemented - GetBucketPolicyStatus
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_public_acl_bucket_policy_status
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_authpublic_acl_bucket_policy_status
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_bucket_policy_status
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_publicpolicy_acl_bucket_policy_status
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_nonpublicpolicy_acl_bucket_policy_status
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_nonpublicpolicy_deny_bucket_policy_status

# NotImplemented - PublicAccessBlock
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_block_public_put_bucket_acls
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_block_public_object_canned_acls
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_block_public_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_default_public_block
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_public_block_deny_bucket_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_undefined_public_block
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_ignore_public_acls
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_public_block

# NotImplemented - Bucket Encryption
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_bucket_encryption_s3
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_bucket_encryption_kms
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_bucket_encryption_s3
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_bucket_encryption_kms
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_delete_bucket_encryption_s3
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_delete_bucket_encryption_kms
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_upload_1b
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_upload_1kb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_upload_1mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_upload_8mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_upload_1b
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_upload_1kb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_upload_1mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_upload_8mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_method_head
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_multipart_upload
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_default_post_object_authenticated_request
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_default_post_object_authenticated_request
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_encrypted_upload_1b
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_encrypted_upload_1kb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_encrypted_upload_1mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_s3_encrypted_upload_8mb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_obj_enc_conflict_c_s3
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_obj_enc_conflict_c_kms
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_obj_enc_conflict_s3_kms
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_obj_enc_conflict_bad_enc_kms

# NotImplemented - Encryption SSE-C
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_invalid_chunks_1
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_invalid_chunks_2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encrypted_transfer_1b
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encrypted_transfer_1kb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encrypted_transfer_1MB
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encrypted_transfer_13b
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_method_head
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_present
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_other_key
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_invalid_md5
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_no_md5
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_no_key
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_key_no_sse_c
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_upload
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_unaligned_multipart_upload
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_invalid_chunks_1
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_invalid_chunks_2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_multipart_bad_download
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_encryption_sse_c_post_object_authenticated_request

# NotImplemented - Encryption SSE KMS
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_method_head
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_present
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_no_key
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_not_declared
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_multipart_upload
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_multipart_invalid_chunks_1
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_multipart_invalid_chunks_2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_post_object_authenticated_request
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_transfer_1b
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_transfer_1kb
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_transfer_1MB
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_transfer_13b
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_sse_kms_read_declare

# NotImplemented - BucketTagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_set_bucket_tagging

# NotImplemented - Object Tagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_obj_tagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_obj_head_tagging
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_max_tags
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_excess_tags
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_max_kvsize_tags
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_excess_key_tags
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_excess_val_tags
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_modify_tags
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_delete_tags
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_tags_anonymous_request
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_tags_authenticated_request
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_put_obj_with_tags

# NotImplemented - Lifecycle
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_get
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_get_no_id
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_size_lt
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecyclev2_expiration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_versioning_enabled
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_tags1
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_tags2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_versioned_tags2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_noncur_tags1
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_id_too_long
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_same_id
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_invalid_status
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_date
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_invalid_date
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_date
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_days0
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_header_put
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_header_head
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_header_tags_head
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_header_and_tags_head
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_noncurrent
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_noncur_expiration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_deletemarker
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_filter
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_empty_filter
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_deletemarker_expiration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_multipart
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_multipart_expiration
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_transition_set_invalid_date
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_transition
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_transition_single_rule_multi_trans
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_set_noncurrent_transition
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_noncur_transition
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_plain_null_version_current_transition
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_cloud_transition
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_cloud_multiple_transition
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_noncur_cloud_transition
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_cloud_transition_large_obj
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_size_gt
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_lifecycle_expiration_newer_noncurrent

# NotImplemented - GetObjectTorrent
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_get_object_torrent

# NotImplemented - BucketLogging
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_logging_toggle
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_logging_toggle

# NotImplemented - POST Object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_anonymous_request
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_authenticated_request
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_authenticated_no_content_type
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_authenticated_request_bad_access_key
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_set_success_code
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_set_invalid_success_code
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_upload_larger_than_chunk
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_set_key_from_filename
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_ignored_header
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_case_insensitive_condition_fields
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_escaped_field_values
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_success_redirect_action
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_signature
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_access_key
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_date_format
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_no_key_specified
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_signature
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_policy_condition
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_user_specified_header
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_request_missing_policy_specified_field
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_condition_is_case_sensitive
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_expires_is_case_sensitive
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_expired_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_wrong_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_request_field_value
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_expires_condition
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_conditions_list
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_upload_size_limit_exceeded
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_missing_content_length_argument
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_invalid_content_length_argument
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_upload_size_below_minimum
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_upload_size_rgw_chunk_size_bug
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_post_object_empty_conditions

# NotImplemented - Website
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_nonexistant_bucket_s3
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_nonexistant_bucket_rgw
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_public_index
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_public_index
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_empty
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_empty
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_private_index
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_private_index
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_empty_missingerrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_empty_missingerrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_private_index_missingerrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_private_index_missingerrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_empty_blockederrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_pubilc_errordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_empty_blockederrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_private_index_blockederrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_private_index_blockederrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_empty_gooderrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_empty_gooderrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_public_bucket_list_private_index_gooderrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_private_bucket_list_private_index_gooderrordoc
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_bucket_private_redirectall_base
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_bucket_private_redirectall_path
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_bucket_private_redirectall_path_upgrade
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_xredirect_nonwebsite
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_xredirect_public_relative
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_xredirect_public_abs
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_xredirect_private_relative
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_website_xredirect_private_abs
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t0]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t1]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t2]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t3]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t4]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t5]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t6]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t7]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t8]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t9]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t10]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t11]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t12]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t13]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t14]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t15]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t16]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t17]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t18]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t19]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t20]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t21]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t22]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t23]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t24]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t25]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t26]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t27]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t28]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t29]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t30]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t31]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t32]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t33]
s3tests/functional/test_s3_website.py::test_routing_generator[t34]

# NotImplemented - s3 Select
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_generate_where_clause
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_generate_projection
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_count_operation
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_count_json_operation
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_json_column_sum_min_max
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_json_nullif_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_column_sum_min_max
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_nullif_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_nulliftrue_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_is_not_null_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_lowerupper_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_in_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_true_false_in_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_like_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_truefalselike_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_nullif_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_lowerupper_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_in_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_like_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_complex_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_alias
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_alias_cyclic_refernce
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_datetime
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_true_false_datetime
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_csv_parser
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_csv_definition
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_schema_definition
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_when_then_else_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_coalesce_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_cast_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_version
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_trim_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_truefalse_trim_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_escape_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_case_value_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_bool_cast_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_progress_expressions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3select.py::test_output_serial_expressions

# Skipped - Nginx always send 100-continue
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_100_continue

# Skipped - UnsupportedAuthorizationType
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contentlength_mismatch_below_aws2
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_incorrect_aws2
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws2
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_none_aws2
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws2
s3tests/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_none_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_md5_invalid_garbage_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_contentlength_mismatch_below_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_incorrect_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_ua_empty_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_ua_none_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_invalid_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_empty_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_none_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_before_today_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_before_epoch_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_object_create_bad_date_after_end_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_authorization_invalid_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_ua_empty_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_ua_none_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_invalid_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_empty_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_none_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_before_today_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_after_today_aws2
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_headers.py::test_bucket_create_bad_date_before_epoch_aws2

# Skipped - CEPH specific tests
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_append_normal_object
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_append_object
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_append_object_position_wrong
s3tests/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_different_tenant
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_account_usage
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_head_extended
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_list_unordered
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_listv2_unordered
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_policy_different_tenant
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucketv2_policy_different_tenant
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_presigned_get_object_tenant
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_presigned_put_object_tenant
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_cors_presigned_put_object_tenant_with_acl
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_head_bucket_usage
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_list_buckets_anonymous
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_presigned_put_object_with_acl_tenant
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_object_raw_get_x_amz_expires_not_expired_tenant

# Skipped - AWS doesn't allow to recreate bucket with new ACL, because it require PublicAccessBlock.
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_s3.py::test_bucket_recreate_new_acl

# Skipped - Tests not related to s3
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_put_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_put_user_policy_invalid_user
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_put_user_policy_parameter_limit
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_put_user_policy_invalid_element
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_put_existing_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_list_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_list_user_policy_invalid_user
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_get_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_get_user_policy_invalid_user
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_get_user_policy_invalid_policy_name
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_get_deleted_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_get_user_policy_from_multiple_policies
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_delete_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_delete_user_policy_invalid_user
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_delete_user_policy_invalid_policy_name
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_delete_user_policy_from_multiple_policies
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_allow_bucket_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_deny_bucket_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_allow_object_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_deny_object_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_allow_multipart_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_deny_multipart_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_allow_tagging_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_deny_tagging_actions_in_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_verify_conflicting_user_policy_statements
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_verify_conflicting_user_policies
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_verify_allow_iam_actions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_create
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_case_insensitive_name
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_delete
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_list
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_list_path_prefix
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_update_name
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_update_path
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_access_key_create
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_current_user_access_key_create
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_access_key_update
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_current_user_access_key_update
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_access_key_delete
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_current_user_access_key_delete
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_access_key_list
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_bucket_policy_allow
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_policy_managed
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_user_policy_allow
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_group_create
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_group_case_insensitive_name
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_group_list
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_group_update
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_inline_group_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_managed_group_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_inline_group_policy_allow
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_managed_group_policy_allow
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_role_create
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_role_case_insensitive_name
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_role_delete
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_role_list
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_role_list_path_prefix
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_role_update
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_role_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_role_policy_managed
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_role_policy_allow
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_same_account_role_policy_allow
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_role_policy_allow
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_role_policy_allow_create_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_role_policy_allow_get_role
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_account_oidc_provider
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_bucket_user_policy_allow_user_arn
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_user_bucket_policy_allow_user_arn
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_user_bucket_policy_allow_account_arn
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_bucket_user_policy_allow_account_arn
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_user_bucket_policy_allow_account_id
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_bucket_user_policy_allow_account_id
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_bucket_acl_user_policy_grant_user_id
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_user_policy_bucket_acl_grant_user_id
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_bucket_acl_user_policy_grant_canonical_id
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_user_policy_bucket_acl_grant_canonical_id
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_bucket_acl_user_policy_grant_account_email
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_user_policy_bucket_acl_grant_account_email
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_root_bucket_policy_allow_account_arn
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_root_bucket_policy_allow_account_id
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_root_bucket_acl_grant_canonical_id
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_iam.py::test_cross_account_root_bucket_acl_grant_account_email
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sns.py::test_account_topic
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sns.py::test_cross_account_topic
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sns.py::test_account_topic_publish
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sns.py::test_cross_account_topic_publish
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_get_session_token
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_get_session_token_permanent_creds_denied
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_allow
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_deny
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_creds_expiry
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_deny_head_nonexistent
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_allow_head_nonexistent
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_check_on_different_buckets
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_check_on_same_bucket
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_check_put_obj_denial
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_swapping_role_policy_and_session_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_check_different_op_permissions
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_check_with_deny_effect
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_check_with_deny_on_same_op
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_bucket_policy_role_arn
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_bucket_policy_session_arn
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_copy_object
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_no_bucket_role_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_session_policy_bucket_policy_deny
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_with_sub
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_with_azp
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_with_request_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_with_principal_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_for_all_values
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_for_all_values_deny
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_tag_keys_trust_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_tag_keys_role_policy
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_resource_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_resource_tag_deny
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_wrong_resource_tag_deny
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_resource_tag_princ_tag
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_resource_tag_copy_obj
s3tests_boto3/functional/test_sts.py::test_assume_role_with_web_identity_role_resource_tag
